Update core framework notes for Oct-Dec + F2F (#262)
emberjs/core-notes: ember.js/2018-12/Meeting-Ember-Core-Team-20181221.md

YK: It is basically modifying the function either way. It is a step before…

KS: I think you are misunderstanding my questions, not all events are hooks…

YK: We’re not talking about removing `on`, just the prototype extensions.

KS: Ah ok, that is a different RFC.

MB: Why did we not do this earlier

RJ: The first version had some prose issues, RM and I cleaned it up and it just never got brought up again.

(resolution to FCP)

### Component events, #298

KS: This still has the issue wrt not changing something if users are being nudged to something else.

RJ: We should FCP to close I think.

YK: I think TD made my point here…

RJ: Yes but I think he was maybe still trying to move it forward…

TD: No I was the messenger at this point, but I did try to summarize.

YK: I think we should FCP to close.

TD: I will change this to FCP to close.

RJ: Yes crosslinking to the glimmer components RFC. We don’t think this is a good time to add churn for developers etc.

### Deprecate {{#with}} helper

RJ: with as a name is bonkers for the name here. I’ve historically gotten feedback that the behavior is useful.

YK: Even rust has `if-let`. It is reasonable to want it.

> RJ: I will note here and bring it up in the dev-rfcs repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 RJ: I will note here and bring it up in the dev-rfcs channel in discord.
```
